[system] Disable theme recalculation as default behavior (#45405)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/customization/css-theme-variables/configuration.md

```

{{"demo": "DisableTransitionOnChange.js"}}

## Force theme recalculation between modes

> By default, the theme does not change between light and dark modes to get the best transition performance.
> 
> If you want to opt-out from this behavior, use `forceThemeRerender` prop to the ThemeProvider component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `ThemeProvider` does not re-render when switching between light and dark modes when `cssVariables: true` is set in the theme.

If you want to opt-out from this behavior, use the `forceThemeRerender` prop in the `ThemeProvider`:
```

Author: Good one, it should be `ThemeProvider`.
